BOOK III.

01)ss Ι.

'I'he ιιηι eix Ode· οι thie Book ere remerkeble for eheie
eusteined digniey οι style end genere! unity οι subieet. They
ere ιιι in the Aleeie mette end οι eoneidereble length. end ιιι
deel with subieeee οι publio end ροιίιιοοι interea Oeneider-
ing the intimate teletionehip eubeietinss between Hereee end
Augustus. there een be ιιιιιο doubt ιιιιι their oompoeition m
ιι my rete suggested by the Emperor, whose obieee ιι ven ιο
eppeel in supporto! hie politicel eyetem οοι merely ιο the
intereete but ιο the feelinge οι hie eubieete (eee eepeoielly
Merivele, e. 41). Line· 1-4 οι Odel eeem ιο be intended ee
:nuely exordium ιο the whole ιιι uther then n e pertinum
introduction ιο the flret Ode; indeed, ee the introduetion ιο e
single Ode they would be exeggeteted end unneturel.

'‘Kinge mle over their eubieete. but ere in their tem the
enbieete οι elmighty Jupiter: one men mey be ποιιιιιίοτ,
noblet. more remoue then another. bet ιιι elike ere the elevee
οι necessity. 'rhen eeeee eobo enxioue: where enxieey existe,
ιιοι ιιι the luxuries οι weelth een proeure ιιιοι eoend eleep ιιιο
poor osten enioy. Το went but ιιιιιο ie the gnae mne: ιιιο
owner οι huge esteten ie hemeed by e hundred ιοιιοιιοι ebone
ehem, the builder οι vent villee by the σοι osten ναίοις ssiee
trem οπο. Ιι thie be eo, why should 1 πίοι ιο change my
modest home tor weelth which ie only e berdon?¹

 

